My name's Christy Schubert, and I teach both French and Spanish
at Hamady Middle School in Bay City.
Completely worth the subscription price in my opinion.
I love that all the readers are leveled.
I love that I can keep a library of certain things I want to work on,
and I love that I can give them, my students, only those things that I want them to work on at a time.
So, that is a huge bonus.
I love the audio feature on that, and I love that the readers have an authentic accent.
I really felt that the e-readers were a perfect fit.
My students just happened to need that reading comprehension work in particular,
and that really fit the bill, so I just decided to take the plunge and pay for this one.
Thank you so much. I appreciate that this is all out there for us as resources.